1.Scenario: A system checks if a user is eligible to vote based on their age.
 Write logic to ask the user for their age and determine if they are eligible to vote based on whether they are 18 or older

1.start
2.Get the age from the user
3.check if age >= 18 then 
4.Return the output as "Eligibe"
5.else then
6.Return the output as "Not Eligible"
7.Display the result based on the condition
8.Stop

2.Scenario: A program processes a list of numbers and needs to find the largest value.
 Write logic to identify and return the largest number from a given list.
 
1.start
2.Make a numbers in the form of list
3.create a variable as largest and store the first element in the variable
4.Make a for loop for traverse the element in the list in the name of item
5.Now check if item > largest then
6.Store the current loop element(item) in the variable largest
7.Loop will run untill visit the sequence of elements in the list
8.Return the largest element in the list
9.Stop

3.Scenario: A company provides employees with a 10% bonus if their salary exceeds $50,000.
 Write logic to determine the bonus amount based on the given salary.

1.start
2.Get the salary as an input from the user
3.check if salary > 50,000 then
4.Increase 10% bonus for the employee
5.else then
6.Return a polite message for an employee based on without getting a bonus
7.Return the Output based on condition
8.stop

4.Scenario: A program evaluates a number to determine if it is even or odd.
 Write logic to check whether a given number is even or odd.

1.start
2.Get the number as an input from the user
3.check if number divides by 2 and getting a remainder as 0 then
4.Return "Even number"
5.else then
6.Return "Odd number"
7.Return the Output based on condition
8.stop
8.stop

5.Scenario: A text-processing tool reverses a given word or sentence for formatting purposes.
 Write logic to take a word or sentence as input and produce its reversed version.

1.start
2.Get the word or sentence as an input from the user
3.create a variable as reversed_word and store empty string as ""
4.Make a for loop for traverse each element in the word or sentence in the name of letter
5.Use the variable reversed_word and store the iterated element as letter + reversed_word
6.Return the output reversed_word
7.stop

6.Scenario: A grading system determines whether a student has passed or failed based on their score.
 Write logic to check if a student has passed a subject by scoring at least 40 marks.

1.start
2.Get the marks as an input from the user
3.check if marks >= 40 then
4.Return the output as "Pass"
5.else then
6.Return the output as "Fail"
7.Return the Output based on condition
10.stop

7.Scenario: A retail store offers a 20% discount if a customer’s total order exceeds $100. Write logic to calculate the final amount to be paid after applying the discount

1.start
2.Get the total_amount as an input from the user
3.check if total_amount > $100 then
4.calculate the discount_amount as total_amount * (disount % / 100)
5.Now calculate the final amount to be given to shop as total_amamountount - discount_amount
6.Return the "final_amount"
7.else then 
8.Return "Sorry you need to buy extra things to reach $100 to get the discount"
9.Return the Output based on condition
10.stop

8.Scenario: A banking system processes withdrawal requests and ensures the user has enough balance.

1.start
2.Get the transaction_amount as an input from an user
3.Use file handling method to open the total_Balance (amount stores new txt file)
4.check if amount < total_Balance then
5.create a variable as final_amount is calculated total_Balance - amount 
6.After calculate the final_amount after transaction stores in new txt file using file handling
7.Return the remaining balance
8.else then
9.Return "Account balance is low " and shows it's current bank_balance
10.Return the Output based on condition
11.stop

9.Scenario: A calendar system verifies whether a given year is a leap year based on standard leap year rules.
 Write logic to determine whether a given year is a leap year.

1.start
2.Get the year as an input from an user
3.check if year divides by 4 and gets 0 then
4.Return the output as "Leap Year"
5.check if year divides by 100 and gets 0 then
6.Return the output as "Not a Leap Year"
7.check if year divides by 400 and gets 0 then
8.Return the output as "Leap Year"
9.Return the Output based on condition
10.stop

10.Scenario: A program filters out only even numbers from a given list.
 Write logic to extract and return only the even numbers from a list.

1.start
2.create an list with numbers 
3.create a variable as result and use filter and lambda function to filter the even numbers from the given list
4.Return the Even numbers from the list
5.stop